en, zh: add docs of topology spread constraints and security context (#1184)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/containers-run-as-non-root-user.md

---

> title: TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as non-root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Run TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters as a non-root user
```

> summary: Let TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as non root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Make TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as a non-root user
```

> summary: Make TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as a non-root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Make TiDB Operator related containers run as a non-root user
```

> aliases: ['/docs/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/containers-run-as-non-root-user/']

Reviewer: This is a new doc and it does not replace any old doc, so the alias is not needed.
```suggestion
```

---

> # TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as non-root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Make TiDB Operator and TiDB clusters run as a non-root user
```

> In some Kubernetes environments, containers cannot be run as the root user. In this case, you can configure pods using [`SecurityContext`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-pod) to run as a non-root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some Kubernetes environments, containers cannot be run as the root user. In this case, you can set [`securityContext`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-pod) to run containers as a non-root user.
```

## Configure TiDB Operator containers

> You can configure security context in the helm `values.yaml` file. All TiDB Operator components (at `<controllerManager/scheduler/advancedStatefulset/admissionWebhook>.securityContext`) support this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiDB Operator containers, you can configure security context in the helm `values.yaml` file. All TiDB Operator components (at `<controllerManager/scheduler/advancedStatefulset/admissionWebhook>.securityContext`) support this configuration.
```

The following is an example configuration:

```yaml
controllerManager:
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 1000
    runAsGroup: 2000
    fsGroup: 2000
```

## Configure containers controlled by CR

> You can also enable security context in all CRs (TidbCluster/DMCluster/TiInitializer/TiMonitor/Backup/BackupSchedule/Restore) to make containers run as a non-user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable security context in all CRs (TidbCluster/DMCluster/TiInitializer/TiMonitor/Backup/BackupSchedule/Restore) to make containers run as a non-root user.
```

> You can also enable security context in all CRs (TidbCluster/DMCluster/TiInitializer/TiMonitor/Backup/BackupSchedule/Restore) to make containers run as a non-root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the containers controlled by CR, you can configure security context in any CRs (TidbCluster/DMCluster/TiInitializer/TiMonitor/Backup/BackupSchedule/Restore) to make the containers run as a non-root user.
```

> It can be set at cluster level (`spec.podSecurityContext`) for all of components or component level (e.g. `spec.tidb.podSecurityContext` in TidbCluster, `spec.master.podSecurityContext` in DMCluster) for specific component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `podSecurityContext` at a cluster level (`spec.podSecurityContext`) for all components or at a component level (such as `spec.tidb.podSecurityContext` for TiDB Cluster and `spec.master.podSecurityContext` for DM Cluster) for specific components.
```

> For example (at cluster level):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example configuration at a cluster level：
```

> You can set `podSecurityContext` at a cluster level (`spec.podSecurityContext`) for all components or at a component level (such as `spec.tidb.podSecurityContext` for TidbCluster, `spec.master.podSecurityContext` for DMCluster) for a specific component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either configure `podSecurityContext` at a cluster level (`spec.podSecurityContext`) for all components or at a component level (such as `spec.tidb.podSecurityContext` for TidbCluster and `spec.master.podSecurityContext` for DMCluster) for a specific component.
```

```yaml
spec:
  podSecurityContext:
    runAsUser: 1000
    runAsGroup: 2000
    fsGroup: 2000
```

> Or (at compnent level):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example configuration at a component level：
```

```yaml
spec:
  pd:
    podSecurityContext:
      runAsUser: 1000
      runAsGroup: 2000
      fsGroup: 2000
  tidb:
    podSecurityContext:
      runAsUser: 1000
      runAsGroup: 2000
      fsGroup: 2000
```

> If this field is set at both cluster level and component level, component level config will override the one at cluster level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a component, if both the cluster level and the component level are configured, only the configuration of the component level takes effect.
```
